what's up ballers this week we have no
idea what the is going on with
slaughterhouse-five by Kurt Vonnegut now
let's get something straight Playboy the
first chapter of this book ain't exactly
like the rest here we chillin with the
narrator who sounds a lot like Kurt
Vonnegut this fool been trying to write
about living through the bombing of
Dresden back in dub-dub deuce but since
nothing the war makes a damn bit of
sense the story gonna tell us it's just
a big old mind Billy Pilgrim must have
smoked too much of that chronic cuz this
fool is unstuck in time I mean he always
jumping through random moments in his
life and can't do nothing about it as he
crawling through this rolling four deep
Billy wanders away gets unstuck in time
and whack he time trips to a few she has
a creased up optometrist and after
tripping through other life events BAM
Billy slides on back to the wall and
gets got by the Germans our boy gets his
ass tossed on a train Wenzhou Back to
the Future B and now here comes some
motherfuckin aliens and a mother in
flying saucer Billy takes one look at
these green hustlers called
tralfamadorians and be like yo why me
and they are like why anything just is
cuz zip it is that player back on the
train and now piece B dying left and
right
they reach the Campins loop Billy trips
to the alien crib where they got him
locked up like a zoo animal ain't all
bad though cuz he gets locked up with a
banging movie star named Montana
wildhack
Oh Billy wakes up right before it's
lights out be pill gets capped and dies
that it nope I broke him back to 1945
where the Germans put him and the other
homies on lockdown in a slaughterhouse
when Dresden gets dragged by a fire
bombing Billy survives because he got
put in a meat locker Hwang
25 years later Billy gets on a plane
with some other optometrist
when the damn thing crashes onehand magg
later billy's running his mouth on the
radio without ralph Amador and flying
saucers Sam back in Dresden the bombings
over and everything is quiet except for
a little bird say what the hell man if
you think pootie we don't make a lick of
sense then well done playboy where'd you
get that PhD from man all that birds
jibber jabbering is a symbol for how to
narrator feels about war senseless
everybody is supposed to be dead to
never say anything I want anything ever
again everything is supposed to be very
quiet after a massacre and it always is
except for the birds and what do the
birds say all there is to say about a
massacre things like pudding Lee that's
one of this book's main beach that day
nothing smart to say about war and were
you talking about the death of 135,000
people logic just don't apply no matter
how fly you're writing game B you can't
describe what's indescribable and any
time you try to do it justice you're
gonna end up with the story just like
our narrators so instead of a rap with a
beginning middle and end we get a
version that's all screwed and chopped
the structure of this book is in itself
a massacre when you're in the world
that's so damn broke that you can't even
pick up the pieces the only choice you
got is to look at it differently some
players think that's why the narrator
made Billy pee in optometrist he
corrects our vision of the world and
helps us see that bad stuff happens for
no reason so it goes but good stuff
happens to all those that press
subscribe catch you next week partner
you
[Music]